To play the game, begin by pressing the home button to return home, which contains
buttons that you can take you to any screen, including the settings, high
scores, tactics, and game screens. Start by pressing the settings button
in order to control different aspects of the game.

Here, you can select different game settings including how difficult the words
are, which custom rocket icon color you would like to play with, the speed of
the meteorites, and the number of rounds you would like to play the game for.
Press the home button to return home, and click the game button.

To start playing, press the start button in the top left corner of the screen.
There will be a rocket on the left side with a word on it, and the there
will be four asteroids on the right side with words as well. One of the words
on the asteroids is a synonym of the rocket word, and the other three are
random words. You may pause and restart if you must.
Your mission is to drag with your mouse (or use W-A-S-D or up, down, right, left 
keys to move) the rocket onto the asteroid with the correct synonym of the
rocket word before the asteroids move offscreen. The bottom portion of the screen
fills up the circles as you play, red for if you got the word wrong and green if
you got it right.
Once you finish, you will be directed to a panel that corrects your mistakes. The words you got
wrong will show up under the left side, and the correct synonym of that word will show up
on the right side. If you make mistakes, don't worry, practice makes perfect! From here,
you can view tactics to improve, but you must take the quiz when you return.

The quiz is on the same words as the game, but with different synonym options to
test if you truly understood the words' meanings. If you are struggling, you can 
press the hint button for a hint, which is the antonym of the word. Once you answer,
press the submit button to see if you got the answer right or wrong.

The correct answer will be highlighted green, and if you got the answer wrong, it
will be highlighted red. To move onto the next question, press the next question
button. Once you finish the quiz, press the results button, which takes you to a
screen that prompts you to type in information to save your score.

If you want your score on the high score board, enter your information
on this screen. Otherwise, you may return home. Type your 
name/nickname into the blank field beneath the prompt, and hit enter. 
This shows you your score, and then you can view the high scores or return home,
Good luck and have fun on your synonym spaceflight!
