In order to succeed in this game, you’re going to have 
to learn some tips and tricks to attempt to make an 
educated guess on the meaning of the word even while not
having the faintest clue what it actually means. There 
are three good ways to do this: study the word parts, 
look at word charge, and identify parts of speech.

The parts of speech addressed in this game are verbs, 
nouns, adjectives, and adverbs.

A verb describes an action or a state of being.
Ex. work, sing, dance
A noun is someone or something
Ex. cat, city, car
An adjective describes a noun
Ex. blue, sweet, funny, boring
An adverb describes a verb, adverb, or adjective. 
Ex. quickly, very, really

Now there’s no exact rule about which parts of speech 
may sound like what, but generally, once you get good 
at identifying what part of speech a word is, you’ll 
start to see patterns that will later help you do the
same for unknown words.

Next, word charge. Word charge is simply the negative, 
positive, neutral, or other connotation we attach to a
certain word. Often simply by hearing a word, you 
instinctively feel a certain way about it. Chances are, 
that instinct is right, and you can choose the synonym 
option closest to that emotion you feel when you hear 
the original word.

Ex. Cacophony - the word sounds very harsh and forced, 
so you know its definition is probably negative 

Ex. Benevolent - the word flows smoothly and effortlessly
off your tongue with no harshness, so its definition is 
likely positive or neutral

Lastly, word parts. Many English words are derived from 
words in Greek or Latin, and so knowing the common roots
and their meanings helps find out the meaning of new words.
A root word forms the basis of the word without the prefix
or suffix, and it has its own meaning while freestanding. 
Adding prefixes and suffixes turns the root word into a 
new word. Prefixes and suffixes both usually also stem 
from Greek or Latin. Affixes negate the original root word.

Prefixes & Suffixes:	
Ex. proto(prefix) + type(root) = prototype							
Ex. type(root) + ing(suffix) = typing

Prefix + suffix: proto+type+ing = prototyping

More Examples:
Ex. 'disadvantageous'. 
- dis- (prefix)
- advantage (root)
- -ous (suffix) 
*it is probably an adjective; ends in -ous, a common suffix for adjectives
*it is probably negative; begins with a negative prefix dis-
*its meaning is probably opposite to the root of the word, advantage 
 (so it would be not helpful rather than helpful)

A good guess from this point would be: harmful

Good luck!







